# DisasterProject
This was a final project for a coding course during my sophomore year. The project is a disaster evactuation simulation that is roughly based on the most populous cities in Florida, USA. The connections in the graph reflect the major 4 lane highways into and out of each of the target cities. 

The goal of the simulation was to create an evactuation map for a city that is going to be impacted by a hurricane or other disaster. The program randomly selects one of the cities as the target and then creates a map to move the population from that city to a safer city. Each of the reciveing cities has an overload capacity, as real cities would only be able to take on so many excess people. The graph of cities is run through a breadth-first-search algorithm which generates a map which the decision structure will use to shift population. Every shift has a failure chance, which means that for some reason the people who were being sent to the city had to be sent around (think car wreck on an exit or just really bad traffic). The decision structure moves beyond the closed city and continues spreading the population of the at-risk city.


The returns of this program are the cities impacted by the population moves, the at-risk city and if there are any failures between cities. This project could be expanded upon by creating a system that recognizes the bandwidth of the roads in and out of a city to chose the best path including delays from bottlenecks. Another way this program could be expanded is making a way to serialize data sets so that any state/province could use the simulation to create an evacuation map. Both of these potentials require a larger set of data and time commmitment than I alone can handle. 
